in Gaza fighting between Israel and
Hamas is intensifying at the moment the
north of Gaza are seeing some of the
fiercest battles of the war so far in
the South hundreds of thousands are
fleeing fighting in the city of Rafa for
them there is Little Shelter to run
to there is no end to grief and
Desperation in
Gaza relatives are mourning victims of
another attack outside a hospital in the
city of Dar
albala it hit a nearby refugee
camp my uncle's house was targeted last
night it was directly hit there were
only civilians in the
house it was hit in a baric way by the
Israeli
Army I lost my grandmother my uncle and
my aunt in this barbaric
attack these are civilians what did they
do
wrong being killed or wounded is not the
only danger that Palestinian civilians
are facing across the territory their
daily struggle is to find food water and
other basic supplies life is unbearable
there's no water we bring water from
near the sea we walk 5 to 6 kmet and
bring four to five containers of water
and it's built on the
road these trucks are transporting much
needed Aid that's been delivered through
a US built pier in central Gaza eight
groups say it's nowhere near enough for
a ravaged territory on the verge of
famine we need water we need food we
need a decent Life to Live we want to
return to our homes we want tents we
find nothing to live in all countries
live a decent life except
us almost the entire population of Gaza
is dependent on humanitarian Aid to
survive but Israel's restrictions on Aid
deliveries are still in
place and the fighting
continues Israeli operations in the
southern city of Rafa have been in the
spotlight recently but the patterns of
violence and struggle for life are
repeating themselves across the
territory I'm joined Now by bik sladin a
journalist in Tel Aviv bik I wonder
what's the Israeli government's response
been to the pictures we're seeing the
pictures the world are seeing from Gaza
right now
well at least officially according to
the coordinator of government activities
in the territory which is the body that
is responsible for the delivery of the
aid uh 160,000 lers of fuel and Diesel
as well as food and Medicine went
through went enter entering Gaza through
the temporary peer uh the body is also
saying that 1,000 trucks entered Gaza
Strip through the Ken Shalom Crossing in
the south and also the newly opened AAS
West AC crossing the north uh today
France also announced that uh they are
or they have
delivered
Aid that is following other countries of
course but still uh perfect of course
and we've heard that but from people
that I talked to and also from the
photos and videos that we see the
markets at least in the central part of
Gaza ST which
is where the humanitarian area should be
has now sufficient amount of thus the
prices are down again that's what they
are telling me at least but there are
two problems that the Israel is dealing
with right now first of all the fact
that the Egyptian doesn't want to open
the Rafa Crossing that doesn't want
trucks to enter through that Crossing
which is a major thing and also the
activists that block the way of trucks
that drive through Israel and even burn
them uh uh and take also the aid because
they don't believe that Aid should be
delivered to the gas and to Hamas
um moving on Former Defense Minister
Benny guns has threatened to resign from
Israel's war cabinet unless concrete
plans for postwar Gaza are made what
leverage does he have at this
point well I guess this is Major news in
Israel basically means that the unity
government is in the brink of collapse
Nat doesn't wanted to of course because
he is very comfortable on the current
situation it is very comfortable
politically it's also every decision
that he takes right now will be actually
described as a decision for the unity
government and it's not a political
decision or not well I just need to um
address that doesn't mean like if guns
actually leaves in three weeks it
doesn't mean that the netan government
will collapse immediately after all he
has 40 64 excuse me MERS uh and it does
but it does definitely mean that this is
beginning of the end because Gallant
andish they Min and other members could
also be against the Netanyahu government
and this shrinks the whole coalition to
62 which means that the if the uh
demonstrations did intensify after such
a move we could have seen an early
election in
Israel balik sladin thanks so much